The duel between master and disciple reaches its peak as Murong Chan effortlessly parries Yuris high speed strikes. The legendary swordsman is not just testing Yuris strength but his resolve to master the ancient arts of his bloodline. Yuri is determined to show his growth but he is dealing with a man who recognizes the forbidden techniques of the Heavenly Demon. Murong Chan senses a familiar and terrifying aura within the prince that mirrors a legend from the east. With a sudden shift in momentum Murong Chan disarms the prince and sends his sword spinning into the dark night air. The gap between their raw experience is still a mountain that Yuri has yet to climb. The intense training session ends with a massive bump on Yuris head as his master laughs and tells him he still has a long way to go. Murong Chan takes pride in humbling his cheeky disciple. Murong Chan stares at his student and admits that clashing blades made one thing clear. He finally understands the true nature of the Soul Severing Slash and the terrifying potential of the Briol bloodline. Yuri finds a moment of peace later that night as he lies beneath the shimmering starry sky of his homeland. The weight of his responsibilities is heavy but the quiet night offers a rare chance for reflection. He watches the stars and wonders if he has finally become a better man than the one who failed in his previous life. A soft voice from the shadows answers that of course he has. The peaceful silence is broken as Prince Cedric Briol approaches his younger brother with a warm and genuine smile. Cedric has always been the kind heart of the family watching over his siblings from a distance. Cedric reaches out and pats Yuris head telling him he did a truly great job on the front lines. He laughs at how the kingdoms most famous troublemaker has transformed into its greatest hero. Yuri smiles and asks how life at the palace has been for Cedric and their eldest brother Joshua. Cedric admits that while he remains the same Joshua has been diving deep into national projects to support the kingdom. The conversation takes a shocking turn when Cedric leans in and whispers a secret. He reveals that he is currently seeing someone from the Imperial family. Yuri nearly has a heart attack thinking his brother has fallen for the traitorous Ekaterina. He screams out that it can be anyone but her but Cedric quickly clarifies it is only her kind cousin Katrina. Cedric teases Yuri about his own love life mentioning scandalous rumors of a steamy romance with the Holy Kingdom princess. He jokes that the prince is currently caught in a dangerous love triangle. Yuri shuts down the gossip immediately and declares that he has no time for things like love while he is fighting to save his kingdom. He is focused entirely on the survival of Briol. Cedric watches the stars and thinks to himself that it is always the ones like Yuri who end up breaking so many hearts. The brotherly bond is strong as they look toward a future filled with uncertainty. Morning arrives and the palace training grounds are alive with the sound of clashing steel. Jerrard is training with a level of intensity that shocks his fellow knights as he strives to live up to the princes expectations. Jerrard drops a bombshell on Yuri during breakfast by revealing he has been officially reassigned as the princes personal escort. Yuri is so shocked that he nearly chokes on his field rations. Ena interrupts the meal and informs Yuri that he has a line of high ranking nobles waiting to see him. The prince is not in the mood for political posturing but Ena insists that he at least look at the guest list. He reluctantly scans the list but his eyes widen in pure shock when he sees a specific name from the allied forces. This is not a simple diplomatic visit but a matter of life and death. Outside the gate a desperate soldier in a travel cloak pleads with the guards for an immediate audience with Prince Yuri. He claims there is no time to wait in order. The mysterious messenger screams that they have to save Sir Raymond before it is too late. A chilling vision of the captured knight sitting in a dark dungeon cell appears as the stakes reach a boiling point.