Twenty long years have passed since Lee Hyun Seok was ripped from Earth and thrown into a world of nightmares. Today is the day it finally ends as he stands before the ultimate monster to save a world that never deserved him. A massive explosion rocks the battlefield but out of the smoke and embers a terrifying silhouette remains standing. The monster stares back with glowing red eyes wondering how the hero survived such a blast. Behind the hero his companions are supposedly barely hanging on. There is the Saintess the Sage and the Knight but their faces tell a different story of hidden malice as they watch the man who saved them fight for his life. The monster mocks the hero calling him insolent before launching a devastating counterattack. Hyun Seok barely has time to react as he clashes with the beast in a high stakes struggle where every strike counts. The demon screams that he will tear the hero to pieces claiming this entire land was forged by his own teeth and claws. He unleashes a torrent of dark energy that threatens to consume everything in its path. This is the end of the line. Hyun Seok prepares his ultimate technique the Paradox Flame. A pillar of black and red fire erupts that burns with a heat far beyond any normal magic or physical law. As the flames dance on his blade Hyun Seok tells the beast that this power is more than enough to cut through its arrogance once and for all. He prepares the final blow that will change his fate. The monster is horrified to find that it cannot regenerate its wounds. The flames are eating away at its very life force and for the first time it feels the cold touch of true death approaching. Hyun Seok explains that his Paradox Flame does not use oxygen as fuel. It burns through abstract concepts and even the very existence of its target leaving nothing but ash behind. As the monster fades it reveals a dark truth. The companions are just waiting for the hero to die. The Saintess who claimed to love him actually despised him as an outsider and planned to purge him the moment the battle ended. The betrayal runs even deeper. The Knight was promised a national treasure to eliminate the hero while the Sage hated him for opposing their sick system of slavery and human experimentation. They were never his friends. Hyun Seok recalls his past as a simple thirty year old office worker from 2005 who was summoned by a goddess to be their savior. He never wanted glory. He only wanted to go back to the home he lost. For two decades he endured a world that was a disaster in itself. A place where the wounded were abandoned and lives were treated like garbage. It was a hellscape that he had to survive through sheer will. The horrors never ceased. From primitive medicine that butchered the sick to the religious zealots who murdered children in the name of exorcism Hyun Seok realized these people were the true monsters. With the mission complete the Goddess finally appears before him. She acknowledges his victory and prepares to fulfill her promise of sending him back to the world of his memories. Even when the Goddess tries to tempt him with power to rule this world Hyun Seok tosses his weapons aside. He has no regrets because the only thing he desires is to return to the life he once knew. The Goddess warns him that his original body is long gone and his soul will be placed in a new vessel fated for a wretched end. Hyun Seok does not care. Any fate on Earth is better than this godforsaken world. He wakes up in the year 2025 in the body of a young man named Yoo Chan Seok. Looking in the mirror he realizes he is finally free from the traitors and the nightmares of the other world. He is truly home. The joy of modern life is overwhelming. Clean running water a simple gas stove and even the smell of fried chicken bring him more happiness than any hero title ever could. He is ready for a normal life. Just as he settles in to live in peace a massive beam of light pierces the city sky. It seems the horror has followed him home to 2025 but after twenty years of hell Lee Hyun Seok is ready for anything.